<video src="Web%20Developer%20Evaluation%20-%201st%20Screening%20%E2%80%93%20Dropbox%20Paper%20-%20Google%20Chrome%202023-12-25%2019-51-48.mp4" controls title="Title"></video> <video src="Web%20Developer%20Evaluation%20-%201st%20Screening%20%E2%80%93%20Dropbox%20Paper%20-%20Google%20Chrome%202023-12-25%2019-56-56.mp4" controls title="Title"></video>



For scheduling periodic tasks, Apache Airflow stands out as a robust and scalable choice. Its DAG structure simplifies the definition of workflows, making them easily understandable and maintainable. The built-in mechanisms for retrying, logging, and task dependencies contribute to its reliability. Airflow's flexibility is evident through its support for various tasks and integrations, and its modular architecture facilitates the extension of functionality through custom operators. While Airflow is powerful, deploying it at scale requires additional considerations. Adopting container orchestration, such as Kubernetes, enhances scalability, fault tolerance, and resource efficiency, making it well-suited for large-scale production environments.

In the context of a financial planning tool requiring encrypted user data, a comprehensive approach involves implementing multiple layers of security. Utilizing TLS for secure communication, client-side encryption for data transmitted from the user's device, and end-to-end encryption throughout the data lifecycle ensures protection against interception and unauthorized access. Secure key management practices, including the use of hardware security modules, enhance the overall security of encryption keys. A zero-knowledge architecture adds an extra layer of privacy by preventing even developers or administrators from accessing decrypted user data. Regular security audits and staying updated on encryption standards contribute to maintaining a robust and secure environment for handling sensitive financial information in the planning tool, aligning with privacy regulations and best practices.
